they'll say it's impossible the teachers
will say that you lack concentration but
once you discovered your passion
you never let focus again
you can't be scared of failure failure
is not trying
to clarify the for status video I'm not
sponsored by any clothing company
supplement companies or any company
other I am however an ambassador for a
company called Rambo fit where I'll put
a link on a code for discount for their
website right here so yeah before yes I
just want to clear up so I'm not
sponsored these are just some of my tips
and how I'm gonna approach hopefully
gain a sponsorship or some sort of deal
with the company well I could promote
their products and hopefully an income
for just get some clothes so first of
all sponsorship boys the sponsorship
lets punch it is where a company will
either pay you to promote the clothing
brand their supplement company where the
type company they own they will pay you
and they're most likely gonna give you
free products from their website company
brand whatever where they are what you
have to do once you're sponsored and you
sign a contract with them or you have
some sort of agreement is you need to be
promoting their product in order to get
more revenue for them and in order for
you to stay sponsored by them they need
traffic through their website their
company they need to be earning money
from you which is going to be the
sponsor who's gonna be promoting their
product and show more people about what
they have to offer though ways that you
can do that mainly the minute through
finished nutri big ones are probably
clothing companies I'd say and some some
companies okay so I'm gonna start with
number two under label this one
networking to be able to network you
need to have a good following people who
will be able to see you and the things
you do what you doing your dates they
like how things you wear things the
used basically through that is mainly
social media or YouTube and it has been
around for a while it's kind of from
product placement
I'm sure pretty much everybody's aware
of how to get to dispensers networking
blah blah blah and product placements
product placements you probably see them
a lot on social media and from TV
product placement is where a product is
shown in a video clip of picture
whatever and they're not always like
look at me like this is what I've got
this is a company that I'm trying to get
you to buy from or ever they'll be
something that the person who you like
is wearing also the person you watching
is wearing so for example right now I'm
wearing my gym teacher which is prime
gym go check them out on Facebook if
you're quick shout out so yeah and then
so in one click you might see them
wearing one clothing brand so you might
see him where machine fitness or Jim
Shaw or you might see them wearing one
outfit in one clip and then next clip
straight after they'll be wearing sign
tells that's from a different company
and you might notice it you might well
you might just see it and think oh let's
go that's nice yeah I might get might
see one that might try and get one in
there look good yeah this that's the
sole one that I've noticed people like
to do a lot of for drug changes for free
they're networking and obviously that's
how you can they get to stay as a
sponsor biopsy promoting products and
shown the products the beat up deep
goodbye well as where else you have to
have this but you have to have a big
following or a big social network where
people can view
the products that the company are giving
you that they need to promote but they
want other people to see and to get more
money into them so you need to have some
sort of following before you can even
think about having a sponsorship or
being affiliated with any sort company
next is mentioning how they can do it
because mainly people will see the
product and they'll be like yeah I'm the
guy strands a website right now I know I
know exactly where to get out but you
need to be able to give them a code
which they can get discount because
let's be honest if you have the
opportunity to be a sponsor and you
could say other people money for good
quality products and you get tagged out
of it which would even the money from a
company or just free stuff would you say
no all right being honest I definitely
wouldn't I don't understand how people
can slander or hate on anybody that gets
sponsorships and they promote their
product trying to sell it just makes no
sense to me anybody run over yeah you
need to you need to be able to remember
if you this is mainly for YouTube you
need to be able to remember to drop him
or just remind people of where to go to
get the product or what discount code
they can use so no I see that they're
gonna know by now it will help you
whoever the person is and it will help
themselves who's buying it number three
you need to have a personality which
people are gonna like so you need to be
able to show different sides you passed
now that you need to show people your
life things that you do because in a
world where social media is so big these
days people like to see what other
people do in their life things that they
were place
they go just there generals life really
and you need to be likable so you need
to be quite professional as well
probably this mainly applies to the
YouTube as well the professional
youtubers who don't show too much the
personal side of their life and just
like entertaining stuff and they know
ways to make it entertaining and for it
to be fun to people for people to watch
they're the ones who are really
successful and they know how to pick and
choose what they want in the video and
what they don't want I've seen a few
examples where it could go wrong for
example when Matt oh yes watches no no
you said nobody watching this but when
that I just slept with his girlfriend it
was really weird and he pretty much
recorded because she's been in a few of
his videos he recorded them know exactly
splitting up but when they finished and
they kind of moved out each other's
house and so on and then he realized
there was too personal and then he took
it off his webs his YouTube channel and
then he gave an explanation as to why he
took it down to anybody that seen it I
wish I saw another example of Shawn
Thompson when he went down to the dam
and he just got high as a kite and he
posted a lot of pictures through
Instagram and even made a video about
that there was just faith he like day in
the life type talk style thing we just
show you what he done in Amsterdam and
because he was also affiliated with Jim
sharp
he was messaged about that and how
unprofessional it could be and how the
company don't wanna be represented by
someone who takes drugs and how that
could affect him and also the company in
the way people view him so you need to
be professional if you're gonna have a
sponsor and you need to know what you
want to show what's suitable and what's
not suitable to show your audience
basically
number four goals how are you gonna get
sponsored and who you want to get
sponsored by currently I I think my main
goal would be to get sponsored by Jim
shark and I think probably machine
Fitness as well
Jim shark they have an amazing crew at
the minute like their whole team is at
the top level that's that's the top of
the top they're probably gonna be one of
the golden eras that as in like when
bodybuilding got huge when I was around
and I'll probably be like the crop of
the crop you know maybe 10 20 years time
people would be talking about them and
they have top quality products who
everybody worked that everybody wants
and that is expensive but people still
buy them because they know the collie is
good and they have such a big following
now that they hardly have to do any
promote him and secondly Machine Fitness
because I watch a lot of their youtubers
that they sponsor and they're all so
entertaining they're so nice and
down-to-earth that's another point that
links back to personality and having
that likeable quality about you that
makes people want to go and get the
product that you're trying to sponsor
and promote and the last point I think
I'd like to wrap up on is how you're
gonna get sponsored you obviously you
need all the other components first
before you get sponsored but I know
there's an ambassador spot that could
that might need to be fulfilled first
which is where you're not yet being paid
by the company you will get a discount
code
but you won't get any free product yeah
you're gonna need so obviously some of
the company's products that you're
trying to promote in order to promote
them to show people that you do like
their product you'll need to sell a
certain number of units first of their
product before they'll give you a
sponsorship deal because you've then
shown to them that you have enough of a
following and you can promote their
product well enough for them to be able
to make a profit from you and that in
their terms is gonna be a bonus for
their company because it will show it
will show them that you can work for
their company successfully and then
after that is a sponsorship deal where
you'll get paid possibly to promote
their company depends how big the
company is and what the company want to
do so you're almost indefinitely be
getting free products from the company
and how you go about it is you could
contact the company that you you'd like
to sponsor or be an ambassador for or
you can wait for them to come to you
most people go to the company because
they're trying to sell themselves to a
company to get a sponsorship you know
that you have something that somebody
wants and you won't have to work for if
the company come to you that's when you
know that you're good and you can
basically do what the you want so
yeah this is gonna wrap up my tips and
ways to get sponsored hopefully I'm
obviously gonna be at sponsor myself one
day my mentality other minute is similar
to the one in the intro for this video
this no dream is too big if you dream
for something that's realistic and you
know you can get chances are you're
probably not going to get it because you
know it's achieved warrants attainable
and you'll be able to reach it so you
might be as motivated if you dream
something that's totally in the sky and
it's a dream that you can imagine having
but you don't know if you can achieve it
yet the only way you're gonna fail is if
you don't even start and you don't even
try so hopefully this has been somewhat
helpful if you're interested in getting
sponsorship or a deal with anyone let me
know any suggestions that you guys have
how you think you should get sponsored
guys subscribe down below if I'm ready
hit the like button if you enjoyed it
I'll see you next video